https://web.archive.org/web/20040905091142/http://www.thedollpalace.com/

On September 05, 2004 they add a Candybar Doll Maker Beta

by X, they even add Candybar dolls to the homepage in a banner at the top

On september 28, 2004, the candybar doll maker comes out of beta and is called the Candy Doll Maker

on June 25, they update their homepage and include Candybar dolls in all their navigation section banners

The last available archive before the database error message is August 8, 2016
Cartoon dolls havent been updated in 2991 days, according to the site.

Database message August 29, 200

If the counter said “Cartoon Dolls hasn’t been updated in 2991 days” on August 8, 2016, that puts the last update at approximately May 31, 2008.




domain registered Aug 7, 2001

The Doll Palace Life (website stats)

Who's Online?	3496823	DollPeople
2899	Users Online
0 	Members
2899 	Guests
47210558	Dolls Made


the website footage still says 
© 2008 The Doll Palace. All rights reserved.



https://www.chron.com/business/technology/article/ag-s-office-says-two-web-sites-invade-privacy-1534421.php




In December 2007, Texas became the first state to file COPPA enforcement actions, by separately suing the entities behind Gamesradar.com and TheDollPalace.com in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The complaints are available as an attachment to the press release on the Texas Attorney General’s website. The defendants in those cases are California and New York – and not Texas – entities.

With little fanfare, Texas apparently settled its suit involving TheDollPalace.com (“where cartoon dolls live”) in March 2008, and in doing so has imposed restrictions on content with no precedent in the COPPA consent decrees entered into by the Federal Trade Commission.


Because COPPA is not a safety statute, typically websites are allowed to post children’s personal information online if they get prior verifiable parental consent after full notice. That is, as long as the parent has been accurately and fully informed of the website’s data collection and disclosure practices and gives COPPA-compliant consent, COPPA is satisfied. By entering into an agreed judgment with the defendants, however, Texas has been able to impose conditions beyond those required by COPPA.

Texas and TheDollPalace.com defendants entered into an agreed final judgment and permanent injunction in March 2008. In addition to requiring the defendants to comply with COPPA and assessing $11,500 in civil penalties and fees, the judgment also imposes content restrictions.

https://www.lexblog.com/2008/05/28/texas-attorney-general-settles-one-of-first-state-coppa-enforcement-actions/





kaoani
https://kaoani.ikilote.net/english/
https://neonaut.neocities.org/microblog/2019/11/the-wonderful-world-of-kaoani
https://internet.watch.impress.co.jp/www/article/1999/0818/kaomoji.htm

Kaoani comes from the Japanese kao (顔?, face) and ani (アニ?, animation). Kaoanis are little animated smilies that usually bounce up and down to look like they are floating. The originating country of the kaoani is Japan. Kaoanis are also known as puffs, anime blobs, anikaos or anime emoticons.

Kaoani can take the form of animals, foodstuffs such as rice balls, colorful blobs, cartoon characters, etc. Many are animated to be performing a certain task, such as dancing, laughing, or cheering.


An animated variant of kaomoji are kaoani (顔アニ (kao ani, face animation), which are small, animated pixel art emoticons that often appear as bouncing or floating heads or figures. The most common file format for kaoani is GIF, due to its widespread support for short, looping animations. They were frequently embedded in Internet forum signatures, blogs, early social networking sites, and instant messaging software.
microsft msn messenger/live meesenger emoticons


Yasushi Wakabayashi is credited with creating the text-based kaomoji (^_^) in 1986,


　The "3D Emoticon Animation Popularization Committee" is taking the "emoticons" (face marks) used on the internet and in computer communications and turning them into cute GIF animations. Currently, 18 creators are registered, each producing and releasing their own original 3D emoticon animation works.

　While each 3D emoticon animation has its own unique style depending on the creator, they seem to share two common characteristics: 1) they are round characters resembling daifuku mochi, and 2) they float around softly. This is probably a result of recreating the "( )" used to represent the outline of emoticons. As they are in GIF animation format, they are no longer text data, but they successfully retain the unique expressions and atmosphere of emoticons, and can be displayed in the same way as regular emoticons by pasting the corresponding tags. They are free to use on bulletin boards, chats, and HTML emails, so why not try using them as a new communication tool on the internet?

(August 18, 1999)
https://internet.watch.impress.co.jp/www/article/1999/0818/kaomoji.htm


i feel like game sites like flightrising have kept a lot of these early forum things alive like adoptables